Added a section about setting up custom headers (#1800)
FormidableLabs/urql: docs/api/urql.md

However, this hook is also responsible for outputting the default client warning that's mentioned
above, and should thus be preferred over manually using `useContext` with `urql`'s `Context`.

### Setting up custom headers for a query/mutations

> Sometimes, it's required to send custom headers with your query/mutation. In such case you should send them via `context` property of `useQuery`/`useMutation` params object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, it's required to send custom headers with your query. In such case you can leverage the `context` property of your `useQuery` call:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tsx
```

import React from 'react';

const SomeComponent = (): JSX.Element => {

>   const [{ data, error, fetching }] = useQuery({ query: YourQuery, context: { fetchOptions: { headers: { 'x-custom-header': 'some-value' } } });

Reviewer: We need to memoize this as we can't predict when the user wants this to cause a refetch.

```suggestion
  const context = React.useMemo(() => ({
    fetchOptions: { headers: { 'x-custom-header': 'some-value' } }
  }), [])
  const [{ data, error, fetching }] = useQuery({ query: YourQuery, context });
```

  
  return <div>{fetching ? 'Loading ...' : 'Data loaded'}</div>;
}
```

> However you have to make an additional addition to such, as passing the `context` object will cause an infinite loop of re-rendering. In such case, you should memoize the `context` value in order to avoid re-renderings.

Reviewer: I think we can lose this section in exchange for the above as the above will always cause infinite loops without the `useMemo`

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tsx
```
